feature: add server validation the Http Client (#351)
stoplightio/prism: README.md

This error shows the request is missing a required property `name` from the HTTP request body.

#### Server Validation

> You can simulate a request to a real server and verify whether it is valid according to the spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAPI lets API spec authors make only certain servers available, and they also allow certain operations to be restricted to certain servers. Make sure the server URL you plan to use is a valid server this the particular operation you are attempting. 
```

> You can simulate a request to a real server and verify whether it is valid according to the spec

Author: Commited @philsturgeon 's suggestion ;)

by providing a `__server` query param.

Take this minimalistic spec (oas3) example:

```json
{

>   "openapi": "3.0.0",

Reviewer: It's a guess here but I think people would rather see YAML examples. Less squiggles more point.

  "paths": {
    "/pet": {
      "get": {
        "responses": {
          "200": {
            "content": {
              "*/*": {
                "schema": {
                  "type": "string"
                }
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "servers": [
    {
      "url": "{schema}://{host}/{basePath}",
      "variables": {
        "schema": {
          "default": "http",
          "enum": ["http", "https"]
        },
        "host": {
          "default": "stoplight.io",
          "enum": ["stoplight.io", "dev.stoplight.io"]
        },
        "basePath": {
          "default": "api"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

You can make a request enforcing server validation this way

```bash
curl -X GET localhost:4010/pet?__server=http://stoplight.io/api

> # will give you a lorem ipsum response, like so:

Reviewer: These comments do not make it clear what I will be seeing if this runs successfully. Why are we talking about lorum ipsum? Maybe we could just say "It will give you a mocked response as usual" without getting into dynamic or static or any other sidepoints?

This error shows the request is missing a required property `name` from the HTTP request body.

#### Server Validation

OpenAPI lets API spec authors make only certain servers available, and they also allow certain operations to be restricted to certain servers. Make sure the server URL you plan to use is a valid server this the particular operation you are attempting.

> by providing a `__server` query param.

Reviewer 2: I guess this should be on the same line

Take this minimalistic spec (oas3) example:

```yaml
---
openapi: 3.0.2
paths:
  '/pet':
    get:
      responses:
        '200':
          content:
            '*/*':
              schema:
                type: string
servers:
  - url: '{schema}://{host}/{basePath}'
    variables:
      schema:
        default: http
        enum:
          - http
          - https
      host:
        default: stoplight.io
        enum:
          - stoplight.io
          - dev.stoplight.io
      basePath:
        default: api
```

You can make a request enforcing server validation by providing the `__server` query string parameter:

```bash
curl -X GET localhost:4010/pet?__server=http://stoplight.io/api
# This will return a 200 response
```

On the other hand, putting a server which is not defined in the specification, for example:

```bash

> curl -X GET localhost:4010/pet?__server=ftp://acme.com/api

Reviewer: Oh this is weird that we introduced FTP here just without any explanation, just snuck it in there. I honestly do not know if FTP is even allowed in OpenAPI, it doesn't mentioned either way but... it has never come up. https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/master/versions/3.0.0.md#serverObject
